## 904. Fruit Into Baskets

- You are visiting a farm that has a single row of fruit trees arranged from left to right. The trees are represented by an integer array fruits where fruits[i] is the type of fruit the ith tree produces.
- You want to collect as much fruit as possible. However, the owner has some strict rules that you must follow:
  - You only have two baskets, and each basket can only hold a single type of fruit.
  - There is no limit on the amount of fruit each basket can hold.
  - Starting from any tree of your choice, you must pick exactly one fruit from every tree (including the start tree) while moving to the right.
  - The picked fruits must fit in one of your baskets.
  - Once you reach a tree with fruit that cannot fit in your baskets, you must stop.
- Given the integer array fruits, return the maximum number of fruits you can pick.

**Eg**:

```
Input: fruits = [1,2,1]
Output: 3
Explanation: We can pick from all 3 trees.
```


```
Input: fruits = [1,2,3,2,2]
Output: 4
Explanation: We can pick from trees [2,3,2,2].
If we had started at the first tree, we would only pick from trees [1,2].
```


### Approach

- We have to select continuous fruits, and also the maximum number of fruits can be found based on the frequncy, so we use a hashmap to store the frequencies of the current fruits.
- We use `two pointers` and `sliding window` to solve this problem
- We start from the first index, and add the number and frequency in the map.
- We increment right as long as we are looking at only 2 types of fruits, i.e., size of map is 2.
- When is it found that map size is more then 2, it means that we are looking for a third type of fruit, which is not allowed, so we remove the fruit at left and continue the process for the remaining fruits(types).
- Slide the window along and update the count of fruits you can find using `right-left+1`.


```java
HashMap<Integer, Integer> map = new HashMap<>();
        int left = 0;
        for (int right = 0; right < n; right++) {
            map.put(fruits[right], map.getOrDefault(fruits[right], 0) + 1);
            while (map.size() > 2) {
                map.put(fruits[left], map.get(fruits[left]) - 1);

                if (map.get(fruits[left]) == 0) {
                    map.remove(fruits[left]);
                }
                left++;
            }
            count = right - left + 1;
            maxCount = Math.max(count, maxCount);
        }
```
